tagline
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free.

An offer you can't refuse.
Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.
Just because you are a character doesn't mean you have character.
The road to greatness can take you to the edge.
Why So Serious?
Miracles do happen.
The world will never be the same, once you've seen it through the eyes of Forrest Gump.
Three Decades of Life in the Mafia.
The Adventure Continues...
The master of suspense moves his cameras into the icy blackness of the unexplored!
Some Legacies Must End.
If he's crazy, what does that make you?
Life is in their hands. Death is on their minds.
Your mind is the scene of the crime.
Seven deadly sins. Seven ways to die.
To enter the mind of a killer she must challenge the mind of a madman.
A masterpiece of modern horror.
He was their inspiration. He made their lives extraordinary.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...
Five Criminals. One Line Up. No Coincidence.
Some memories are best forgotten.
Movie-wise, there has never been anything like it - laugh-wise, love-wise, or otherwise-wise!
Meet the little voices inside your head.
Life's greatest adventure is finding your place in the Circle of Life.
Are You Watching Closely?
This is the end...
A perfect holiday without leaving home.
The world is yours...
He's the only kid ever to get into trouble before he was born.
The true enigma was the man who cracked the code.

It's a wonderful laugh! It's a wonderful love!
The movie too HOT for words!

The hot-line suspense comedy
Every dog has his day.
On every street in every city, there's a nobody who dreams of being a somebody.
The Man Lived by the Jungle Law of the Docks!
In his own words
All heroes start somewhere.
A Hero Will Rise.
EARN. SPEND. PARTY.
The mission is a man.
You don't know what you've got 'til it's...
Every moment matters.
The Empire Falls...
Man has made his match... now it's his problem.
There Will Be Greed. There Will Be Vengeance.
The extraordinary true story of Solomon Northup
You can erase someone from your mind. Getting them out of your heart is another story.
Look closer.
An epic drama of adventure and exploration
In space no one can hear you scream.
...all it takes is a little confidence.
I am not an animal! I am a human being! I... am... a man!
Sometimes it takes a hustler to change the world

Romance, drama, laughter and heartbreak... created out of the very heart and soil of America!
They had a date with fate in Casablanca!
An adventure beyond the ordinar-E.
From the creators of Wreck-it Ralph and Frozen
Life, liberty and the pursuit of vengeance.
Someone is missing.
On the air. Unaware.
Man is The Warmest Place to Hide.
Ever come across somebody you shouldn't have messed with?
Into the heart. Into the soul.
...Everything you've heard is true
One of the most important and powerful films of all time!
His Mind Changed Our World. Her Love Changed His.

Times like these call for a Big Lebowski.
For some, it's the last real taste of innocence, and the first real taste of life. But for everyone, it's the time that memories are made of.
A nervous romance.
Put a fence in front of these men... and they'll climb it!
Choose life.
What a Glorious Feeling!


And now! At Last! Another film completely different from some of the other films which aren't quite the same as this one is.

Something wicked this way comes.
I need to believe that something extra ordinary is possible...
Every man dies. Not every man truly lives.

Go for the kill.
The true story of a real fake.
Not every gift is a blessing.
Everything is suspect... Everyone is for sale... And nothing is what it seems.

Beyond his silence, there is a past. Beyond her dreams, there is a feeling. Beyond hope, there is a memory. Beyond their journey, there is a love.
Behind every great love is a great story.
The Story of N.W.A.
There are no clean getaways.
Fight for Family
Indiana Jones - the new hero from the creators of JAWS and STAR WARS.

This Time It's War
A true story of faith, devotion and undying love.
It's about life. It's about love. It's about us.
Some legends will never be forgotten. Some wrongs can never be forgiven.
We are infinite.
Lines may divide us, but hope will unite us.
Stealin' Stones and Breakin' Bones.
At long last Redmond Barry became a gentleman - and that was his tragedy.
You can never go too far
Not since the dawn of time has America experienced a man like Howard Beale!
The greatest romance of all time!
It spans a whole new world of entertainment!
The scariest comedy of all time!
The film that cost $20,000,000,000,000 to make.
The shadow of this woman darkened their love.
An Extraordinary True Story.
TOGETHER... for the first time
The Legend Ends
No toy gets left behind.
In heroes we trust.
The training is over.
Bring Him Home
There are 3.7 trillion fish in the ocean, they're looking for one.
This time, the princess saves the prince.
An adventure as big as life itself.
An adventure 65 million years in the making.
No one comes up here without a damn good reason.
Out here survival is everything.
The bride is back for the final cut.
It came from outer space!
The man with the hat is back. And this time, he's bringing his Dad.
We bury our sins, we wash them clean.
A journey through understanding and fellowship.
What are you prepared to do?
#LiveBoldly
Inside everyone is a frontier waiting to be discovered.
A tormenting and surprising story of children and adults during the stormy days of the summer of 1965.
No one would take on his case... until one man was willing to take on the system.
Find your voice.
It's as real as the feelings you feel.
There is nothing more human than the will to survive
One Sick Love Story
The city shines brightest at night
If you only want to spend two hours in a movie theatre and go home and forget it, stay away from THE WILD BUNCH.
It's the hottest day of the summer. You can do nothing, you can do something, or you can...
The last place you'd ever expect to find yourself.
The Sequel To The Ultimate Experience In Grueling Terror
Just one pillow on her bed ... and just one desire in her heart!
Three wonderful loves in the best picture of the year!
They called him Fast Eddie. He was a winner. He was a loser. He was a hustler.
What if you had a second chance with the one that got away?
...Blanche, who wanted so much to stay a lady...
The story of a man who was too proud to run.
Nothing on Earth could come between them.
To save the future, they must alter the past
One adventure will change two worlds
Dark And Difficult Times Lie Ahead.
He's dying to become a chef.
Evil fears the knight.
Let the Magic Begin.
Prepare to be blown out of the water.
We Scare Because We Care.
At the edge of the world, his journey begins.
The story of a nobody who saved everybody.
Seven names. Seven strangers. One secret.
What do you get for the man who has everything?
The story that won’t go away.
Dig the life fantastic!
Things fall down. People look up. And when it rains, it pours.
There is no gene for the human spirit.
40 Stories. Twelve Terrorists. One Cop.
They'll never get caught. They're on a mission from God.
His scars run deep.
Diamond in the Rough
The life of a dreamer, the days of a business, and the nights in between.
Stealing, Cheating, Killing. Who said romance was dead?
Lie. Cheat. Steal. All in a day’s work.
Something almost beyond comprehension is happening to a girl on this street, in this house... and a man has been sent for as a last resort. This man is The Exorcist.
Don't go in the water.
She didn't belong. She was misunderstood. And she would change him forever.
A film about the love you find...In the last place you look.
Love. Expulsion. Revolution.
A family on the verge of a breakdown
The first casualty of war is innocence.

A romantic comedy. With zombies.
If it doesn't scare you, you're already dead!
12 years in the making.
...a motion picture for all times!
Pray for Rosemary's Baby
The man with the barbed-wire soul.
Harry Caul is an invader of privacy. The best in the business.
A Disgrace to Criminals Everywhere.
His whole life was a million-to-one shot.
Where your nightmares end...
They're taking adventure to new lengths.
Dark Secrets Revealed
Some assembly required.
Earth Will Fall
Heroes aren't born. They're built.
Evil Must Be Confronted.
Every revolution begins with a spark.
There are two sides to the American dream
No gut, no glory
War never ends quietly.
Leader. Hero. Legend.
The future's a thing of the past.
Experience it. Enjoy it. Just don't fall for it.
Witness the beginning of a happy ending
The most lethal sniper in U.S. history.
Discover the Adventure Behind the Greatest Mystery of Our Time.
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads!
Based on True Acts of Courage
Can't stop the signal.
Based on a true story.
History is written by the winners.
Based on a True Story.
Torn apart by betrayal. Separated by war. Bound by love.
Love is timeless.
Their innocence. Their heritage. Their lives.
Wish granted!
Family isn’t a word, it’s a sentence.
Justice is coming.
WANTED. Four men willing to drive a cargo of death to escape a life in hell.
Based on the true case files of the Warrens
There are no rules and no holds barred when Popeye cuts loose!
One dream can change the world.
or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)
The loverliest motion picture of them all!
The Night He Came Home
The doctors want to settle, the Church wants to settle, their lawyers want to settle, and even his own clients are desperate to settle. But Galvin is determined to defy them all. He will try the case.
Just a Baby Boy.
Big cops. Small town. Moderate violence.
There are no clean getaways.
All's fair in love and basketball.
Shoot first. Sightsee later.
He's having the worst day of his life... over, and over...
You never forget your first love.
These two unlikely companions are on a journey to find her long lost son.
Life's not about winning or losing. It's about how you get there in the end.
Bring Your Girlfriends, Sisters, Mothers and Daughters.
Work sucks.
To Life!
The happiest sound in all the world!

See it with a bud.
Once upon a time in South Central L.A... It ain't no fairy tale.
Not that it matters, but most of it is true.
It's supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
Charming. Magnetic. Murderous.
Welcome to Hell
A simple man. A difficult choice.
Whatever you hear about Midnight Cowboy is true.

Her Faith Remained Strong and True in the Face of Africa's Terrors!
Together For The First Time - James Stewart - John Wayne - in the masterpiece of four-time Academy Award winner John Ford
It's Scrumdiddlyumptious!
Finding happiness can be a tragic comedy.
We're off to see the Wizard, the wonderful Wizard of Oz!
Run with the crowd, stand alone, you decide.
The screen dares to open the strange and savage pages of a shocking bestseller!
They're Dancing Cheek-To-Cheek Again!
Loneliness is much better when you have got someone to share it with.
The Cruel Hand of Intolerance
A (sort of) love story between two guys over a cold weekend in October.

Just because they serve you doesn't mean they like you.
A New Age Has Come.
Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope... I come to the admission that it has a limit.
One last chance for peace.
Life isn't measured in minutes, but in moments.
Only the act of true love will thaw a frozen heart.
Don't Let Go
The toys are back!
One man's extraordinary fight to save the family he loved.
My world is as forbidden as it is fragile; without its mysteries, it cannot survive.
There's more than one way to lose your life to a killer.
Pray for Michael Sullivan.
4 amazing magicians. 3 impossible heists. 1 billion dollars. This is no illusion.
Two men driven to tell the truth... whatever the cost.
Houston, we have a problem.
Survival. Resilience. Redemption.
He was the perfect weapon until he became the target.
Be careful what you wish for.
Creasy's art is death, and he is about to paint his masterpiece.
To find her son, she did what no one else dared.
How did they ever make a movie of ...
The greatest fairy tale never told.
It looked like the perfect bank robbery. But you can't judge a crime by its cover.
When friendship runs deeper than blood.
Prepare for adventure. Count on revenge.
No one can outrun their destiny.
Real love is forever.
Your legacy is more than a name
Two couples. Two love stories. One epic tale.
You are not welcome here.
Believe in Hope.
This is a true story.
How the future began.
The path of Francesca Johnson's future seems destined due to an unexpected fork in the road...
Harry Block has written a best seller... bout his best friends... he revealed their deepest secrets... and they're not pleased... now Harry Block is going to Hell...
From the creator of Being John Malkovich, comes the story about the creator of Being John Malkovich.
If it bleeds, we can kill it...
Murder has a sound all of its own!
When it came to making bad movies, Ed Wood was the best.
Get pitch slapped.
Can two friends sleep together and still love each other in the morning?
In the era of personal branding, the scariest possibility is that someone might be better at being you than you are.
How do I loathe thee? Let me count the ways.
Ever wanted to be someone else? Now you can.
One family, one murder, too many lies.
At the end of the universe lies the beginning of vengeance.
Six players on the trail of a half a million in Cash. There's only one question... Who's playing who?
The Rebel Warrior
Truth, Justice and the Gambini Way
Live for Love.

Justice is priceless.
He is afraid. He is alone. He is three million light years from home.
This might hurt a little.
You're only as strong as your next move.
Your future is in his hands.
They're Back From The Grave and Ready To Party!
Love. Pain. Glory.
A little guilt goes a long way...

One nation under the gun.
If there was a dollar to be made - Gantry would make it... If there was a soul to be saved - Gantry would save it...
Big as the men who faced this challenge! Bold as the women who loved them!
You have to see it to believe it!
The maddest love that ever possessed a woman.


The Beatles, starring in their first full-length, hilarious, action-packed film!
The Ultimate Experience In Grueling Terror
Enter the World of Pandora.
Believe The Unbelievable
It's All About.....ME!
Find your place in the universe.
Leave No Man Behind.
If it's just us, it seems like an awful waste of space.
Are you in or out?
Get the hot girl. Defeat her evil exes. Hit love where it hurts.
The System Must Pay.
A comedy from the heart that goes for the throat.
Drink from me and live forever
Defend your Honor.
Every sin leaves a mark.
This time he's fighting for his life.
A murdered wife. A one-armed man. An obsessed detective. The chase begins.
The extraordinary life story of Ray Charles.
Walk down the right back alley in Sin City and you can find anything...
You don't make up for your sins in church. You do it in the streets...
His greatest fight was for justice.
Based on the extraordinary true story
Punishment Comes One Way or Another.
If Nancy Doesn't Wake Up Screaming, She Won't Wake Up At All!

Invisible. Silent. Stolen.
One quiet voice can ignite a revolution.
After the Fall from Innocence the Legend begins.
There's been a grave misunderstanding.
The border is just another line to cross.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
You never forget your first love.
It is the greatest mystery of all because no human being will ever solve it.
Where will your imagination take you?
A Modern Day Tale About The Search For Love, Sanity, Ethel Merman And The Holy Grail.
This place is so dead
love is all you need
We are not alone.
How much does life weigh?
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Lose your heart and come to your senses.
She was married at 13. She had four kids by the time she was 20. She's been hungry and poor. She's been loved and cheated on. She became a singer because it was the only thing she could do. She became a star because it was the only way she could do it.
Every moment of your life they stand watch
You'll know when you're in it.
SeX. MurdEr. MyStery. Welcome to the party.
Every dream deserves a fighting chance.

This is the day that changed the world... When history held its breath.
Who will survive and what will be left of them?
No one has ever escaped from Alcatraz...and no one ever will!
It was almost like falling in love.
It's hard out here for a geek.
Grease is the word
Best of enemies. Deadliest of friends.
This life was so close to never happening.
This is the truth. This is what's real.
Everything he touches turns into excitement!
Never give a saga an even break!
The most sensational sound you'll ever see!
A true story about finding the courage to be yourself.
YOU'LL LOVE THEM ALL FOR GIVING YOU THE SWELLEST TIME YOU'VE EVER HAD!
Pouring out of impassioned pages...brawling their way to greatness on the screen!
Live or die. Make your choice.
A lack of consumer confidence... or conspiracy?
Divided We Fall
The story of a regular guy just looking for a little wreck-ognition.
Witness the moment that will change our world.
You better believe.
Get the Fifth Gear.
They stole his mind, now he wants it back.
The saga is complete.
The system is perfect until it comes after you.
It's the oldest con in the book.
America was born in the streets.
He's coming to our galaxy.
Saving the world never goes out of style.
There's everything you've ever known about adventure, and then there's The Abyss.
Superbad. Superdad.
They came. They thawed. They conquered.
Fight. Dream. Hope. Love.
Cruise. Kidman. Kubrick.
What do you see when you look at me?
She brought a small town to its feet and a huge corporation to its knees.
The deeper you go, the weirder life gets.
Triumphant in Victory, Bitter in Defeat. He Changed the World, But Lost a Nation.
The movie was fake. The mission was real.
You don't get to 500 million friends without making a few enemies.
They've saved the best trip for last... But this time they may have gone too far.
Love never dies.
Experience never gets old
The first American hero.
Not since Gone With The Wind has there been a great romantic epic like it!

It's a Jungle Out There!
Harold Crick isn't ready to go. Period.
If adventure has a name... it must be Indiana Jones.
The secret lies within.
Shut up. Kick ass.
A tale of life, love, and letting go.
An incredible journey moving at the speed of sound
Declared illegitimate aged 3. Tried for treason aged 21. Crowned Queen aged 25.
Adventure doesn't come any bigger!
Never Blend In.
Are you a watcher or a player?
Let in the unexpected.
A Family Comedy Without the Family.
Every summer Chevy Chase takes his family on a little trip. This year he went too far.
He's guaranteed to put some life in your afterlife.
Time to rock it from the Delta to the DMZ!
Love Thy Neighbor
The search for true love begins outside the box.
Some very funny business.
His fear began when he woke up alone. His terror began when he realised he wasn't.
Tobacco lobbyist Nick Naylor is trying to SAVE YOUR ASH!
A true story of love and injustice.
The Scars of War Will Last Forever
From best friends to best men.
Beautiful, mysterious, haunting, invariably fatal. Just like life.
We've all been there.

I Love You... The Way You Are.
Who are they? And what do they want?
What's slower than a speeding bullet, and able to hit tall buildings at a single bound?
Just an ordinary necktie used with a deadly new twist.
There are two kinds of people in his up-tight world: his victims and his women. And sometimes you can't tell them apart.

She found her voice in the ocean... And within herself.
John Ford's New and Finest Picture of the Fighting Cavalry!
Billy Brown just got out of jail. Now he's going to serve some real time. He's going home.
3 days of peace, music...and love.
There will be no order, only chaos
School never looked this scary.
Don't believe the fairy tale.
Justice is coming to all of us.  No matter what we do.
Heroes don't get any bigger.
The game is afoot.
For some men, the sky was the limit. For him, it was just the beginning.
They came for the gold... they stayed for the adventure.
Evolution Becomes Revolution.
Stop Dreaming, Start Living

Back 2 Work
Life is waiting.
Separated by War. Tested by Battle. Bound by Friendship.
At the end of the world his real journey began.
Spartans, prepare for glory!
It started like any other night.
His people needed a leader. He gave them a champion.
A Castle Can Only Have One King
Danger runs deep.
The Adventure Begins
The classic musical comes to the big screen for the first time.
Laughter is contagious
They're not 21 anymore
This Is Stupid
What are you really worth?
Resistance is futile.
Find the joy.
The ultimate romantic comedy.
In an ordinary place, he found the one person to make his life extraordinary.
Can the most famous film star in the world fall for the man on the street?
Experience a time you'll never forget.
How far would you go to become someone else?
This Case is a Dangerous Game of Life and Death
When someone does you a big favor, don't pay it back... Pay It Forward
Nothing is more powerful than the human spirit.
If the sun dies, so do we.
Every Man Needs a Guide
Welcome to the bank robbery capital of America.
Give a father no options and you leave him no choice.
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
Meet Andy Sachs. A million girls would kill to have her job. She's not one of them.
There is nothing in the dark that isn't there in the light. Except fear.
In love, there are no boundaries.
They're here.
Love rules all.
Run - Remember - Survive
In a world of tradition. In an age of innocence. They dared to break the rules.
History is made by those who break the rules.
Based on a true story.
The future is listening.

If you believe in yourself, anything can happen.
No place to run. No reason to hide.
She makes dinner. She does windows. She reads bedtime stories. She's a blessing... in disguise.
Close your eyes, but keep your mind wide open.
The time to hide is over. The time to regret is gone. The time to live is now.
Lust. Seduction. Revenge. The Game As You've Never Seen It Played Before.
Discover the true story of one of America's brightest stars... that faded too soon.
There is no evidence. There are no witnesses. But for one, there is no doubt.
A comedy about fear of commitment, hating your job, falling in love and other pop favorites.
Ask not what your C.E.O. can do for you, but what you can do for your C.E.O.
Someone has taken their love of scary movies one step too far.
Blue Moon. I used to know the words. Now they're all a jumble.
There is no force more powerful than the will to live.
If you're looking for the truth, you've come to the wrong place.
Come and Get Some!
Every dream has a price.
Some dreams can't be shared.

Twenty years. Two people.
Nobody is beyond redemption.
Who knew it was so much fun to be a hooker?
Is it a game, or is it real?
A big city cop. A small country boy. They have nothing in common... but a murder.
Much Much More Than a Musical!

Every father wants more for his son.

The biggest entertainment ever to rock the screen with laughter!
THIS IS THE BIG ONE! The splendor and savagery of the world's wickedest empire! Three hours of spectacle you'll remember for a lifetime!
It takes a pair to beat the odds.


The funny, touching and totally irresistible story of a working relationship that became a 25-year friendship.
A comedy about growing up... and the bumps along the way.
Open your heart, find your voice.

A weekend wasted is never a wasted weekend.
The picture runs 130 minutes!... The story covers 96 of the most critical hours in man's history!... The suspense will last through your lifetime!


The screen achieves one of the great entertainments in the history of motion pictures
The first female serial killer of America
Fast Cars, Fast Girls, Fast Carrots...Fast Carrots?
Fat cats are too easy. Go for the big fish.
We are 4 Lions.
A lot can go down between thursday and saturday...
It was the Deltas against the rules... the rules lost!
From the moment he first saw the stallion, he knew it would either destroy him, or carry him where no one had ever been before…
On October 16, 1996, the one year anniversary of the Million Man March, Spike Lee invites you to lift your head, raise your voice, and...get on the bus.
M.G.M's Mammoth Technicolor Musical Spectacle!
Woody Allen takes a nostalgic look at the future.
Never Leave Your Partner Behind.

At the end of the world, the adventure begins.
Think on your sins.
The last man on Earth is not alone
For passion. For honor. For destiny. For victory. For love.
The courage to do the impossible lies in the hearts of men.
Prepare for awesomeness.
Protecting the Earth from the scum of the universe.
Think fast. Look alive. Die hard.
What makes you different makes you dangerous.
Sooner or later everyone does.
May The Odds Be Ever In Your Favor.
You'll never believe how close we came
Alcatraz.  Only one man has ever broken out.  Now five million lives depend on two men breaking in.
Some things are only revealed by accident.
See our family. And feel better about yours.
Heel the love.
Yesterday was about honor. Today is about justice.
You'll Believe a Man Can Fly!
It takes a legend... to make a star
Hello, my name is Andy and this is my movie.
Time waits for one man.
A comedy of Galactic Proportions.
For anyone who has ever wished upon a star.
Only the 'Old One' could teach him the secrets of the masters.
This is not a story about September 11th, it's a story about every day after.
An evil knight gives nobility a bad name.
Life is hard. Life is short. Life is painful. Life is rich. Life is....Precious.
The coach is waiting for his next beer. The pitcher is waiting for her first bra. The team is waiting for a miracle. Consider the possibilities.
Dream High.
Tom Stall had the perfect life... until he became a hero.
If You Can't Be Famous, Be Infamous
His life ended. Now, a new one will begin.
What if you had 72 hours to save everything you live for?
You know it when you find it
David Lean, the Director of "Doctor Zhivago", "Lawrence of Arabia" and "The Bridge on the River Kwai", invites you on . .
One woman's secret is another woman's power. One woman's fear is another woman's weapon. One woman's life is in another woman's hands....
Out of the sky comes the screen's most incredible spectacle of men and war!
By his wounds, we were healed.
Misery loves family

Based on a True Story
The key to saving the future can only be found in the past.
A love that will last forever.
Watch For The Signs
One night is all that stands between them and freedom. But it's going to be a hell of a night.
In a future where freedom is outlawed, outlaws will become heroes.
You're Only Young Once But For Josh It Might Just Last A Lifetime.
Welcome to girl world.
When you come back from a loss, beat the odds, and never say never, you find a champion.
A story of sex, thugs and rock 'n roll.
The darkest day of horror the world has ever known.
In search of wine. In search of women. In search of themselves.
What do you get when you cross a hopelessly straight starving actor with a dynamite red sequined dress? You get America's hottest new actress.
Laughter is harder... Friendship is stronger... Trust is deeper... When it comes from the heart.
When the nation was in need, he inspired them to give us hope.
A Street Romance.

It's time to stop hiding from the truth.
Let the mind games begin.
Trust everyone... But always cut the cards.
Don't get him wet, keep him out of bright light, and never feed him after midnight.
They grew up on the outside of society. They weren't looking for a fight. They were looking to belong.
In his mind, he has the power to see the future. In his hands, he has the power to change it.
A true story of survival... declassified.
It's about crime. It's about payback. It's about survival.
Sometimes what's in your head isn't as crazy as you think.
1997. New York City is now a maximum security prison. Breaking out is impossible. Breaking in is insane.
Truth is stranger than family
The ultimate martial art.
With No Power Comes No Responsibility
John Sayles invites you to return to the scene of the crime.
The only way out is through.
From the immortal adventure classic...of whaling men, their ships, and the sea!
In their world, you can't buy freedom, but you can steal it.


Live, love and give as good as you get.
The music will inspire them. The dream will unite them. This summer get crunk.
It's NEW!
The world's masters of murder pull out all the stops to destroy Agent 007!
Joint custody blows.
The Happiest, Dopiest, Grumpiest, Sneeziest movie of the year.
A THRILLER with a difference!
He'll tear your soul apart.
Nobody Baby But You And Me
Life is a Journey. Bring an Open Mind.
Where were you in '62?
Beneath the surface, everyone has a secret.

The Man. The Myth. The Celebrity.
One Year on the Front Lines of the Battle to Save Detroit
What happens if it actually works?
Delve into the darkness
With great power comes great responsibility.
Worlds Collide
The time has come for those who are different to stand united.
Meet the first modern family.
When he said I do, he never said what he did.

David is 11 years old. He weighs 60 pounds. He is 4 feet, 6 inches tall. He has brown hair. His love is real. But he is not.
It's not how you play the game. It's how the game plays you.
Where monsters go to get away from it all
In order to catch him, he must become him.
Evolution Begins
The Power Is Real.
Play or be Played.
The most daring rescue mission of our time is a story that has never been told
A double feature that'll tear you in two!
A tough cop. A brilliant killer. An unspeakable crime.
An epic presentation of miniature proportions.
Life is for living.
Every moment is another chance.
Everyone Hustles To Survive
The True Story Of An American Legend

Freedom is not given. It is our right at birth. But there are some moments when it must be taken.
#NAME?
The Impossible True Story
His courage made them champions.
Death is the road to awe
Get ready for rush hour
Something bunny is going on...
Oh Pooh.
All She Wanted Was To Make A Living. Instead She Made History.
We're back pitches
When the undead rise, civilization will fall.

Love is the only inspiration.
Desire. Defy. Escape.
There are two sides to every family.
...and the world is still indulging!

In a moment the world changed forever.

Best Friend. Hero. Marine.
No force in Heaven will release them. No power on Earth can save them.
Everything Is Not Going To Be OK
They'd never let the truth come between them.
Life doesn't hold tryouts.
Can a great man be a good man?
Question reality. You can go there even though it doesn't exist.
There can be only one.
The Heat Is On!
If you ride like lightning you're gonna crash like thunder
These students have everything they need. Except time.
One dream. Four Jamaicans. Twenty below zero.
It can be Hell getting into Heaven


Sleep all day. Party all night. Never grow old. Never die. It's fun to be a vampire.
The harder the life, the sweeter the song.
She gave and gave, until she had nothing left to give
You either know one, you have one, or you are one.
First love burns brightest.
An education isn't always by the book.
When the smoke clears, it just means he's reloading.
Born into poverty. Destined for stardom. He lived the American dream.
The Latest Fashion In Murder
Family can be whatever you want it to be.
They're not there to shop. They're not there to work. They're just there.
Controversy... what controversy?
This is the story of two men who run, not to run, but to prove something to the world. They will sacrifice anything to achieve their goals... except their honor.
Monsters come in many forms.
The mightiest motion picture of them all!
They're not really criminals, but everyone's got to have a dream.
It shouts and sings with life ... explodes with love!
The year's most revealing comedy.

The Weekend has Landed!
This is what love feels like.
Friendship doesn't have an off switch
From the Writers of (500) Days of Summer
Honor Begins at Home.

Talking Just Causes Witnesses
Some things are best kept secret.
It was filmed in 6 days for 25 thousand dollars. The government didn't want you to see it. It was banned in 23 states. It has grossed over 600 million dollars. And it is the most profitable film in motion picture history.
I  gotta take care of mine.

It's not the house that's haunted.

Millions Have Read This Great Novel... Millions more will see an even greater picture!
Capitalizing on hope.
The reckless lancers sweep on and on - so that a woman's heart might not be broken! You're not fighting a single legion - you're fighting the entire British army, Surat Khan!
Welcome to Oldfield. Stop in for a night of pure terror.
Strangers shouldn't talk to little girls.
A great love story.
What would you go back for?
Cocktails first. Questions later.

There's a hero in all of us.
Remember Philly!
To Fight Monsters, We Created Monsters
Change your fate.
Evil Has Reigned For 100 Years...

Prepare for the Year of Awesomeness!
He's Leaving His Mark On History
His brain is off the chain.
Float like a butterfly and sting like a bee.
Laws are made to be broken.
Every Love Story Begins With a Kiss...
The only good bug is a dead bug.
Midnight is just the beginning.
Atlantis is waiting...
The hopes of a nation rode on a long shot.
It's Christmas Eve and we are going to go celebrate being young and being alive.
It's not paranoia if they're really after you.
The Most Fun You'll Ever Have... BEING SCARED!
Expect the Impossible.
Find the strength. Find the courage. No matter what it takes... find the way home.
They're back to raise a little terror
Earth. Take a good look. It might be your last.
Once upon another time...
No one breaks out alone.
Never Drop The Con.
From the ashes we rose.

It's all fun and games until someone raises the dead.
An American legend comes to life.
They fight for their country but they die for their friends.
The Greatest Manhunt in History
Everybody loved him... Everybody disappeared.
No More Mr. Nice Guy.
How do you break free without breaking apart?
They thought the streets were mean. Then they went back to high school.
The motion picture the world has been waiting for!
Here comes the bribe...
To achieve the incredible, you have to attempt the impossible.
The Most Amazing Story Of Survival, Friendship, And Adventure Ever Told.
They were totally unqualified to try the case of a lifetime... but every underdog has his day.
The Ultimate Story of Sex, Drugs & Rock 'N' Roll
No day but today.

Life is the most spectacular show on earth.
Inspired by the amazing true story of Winter.
WINTER's amazing true story... now has HOPE.
Time Is Power
If you believe in love at first sight, you never stop looking.
One Step Can Change Your World
They survived the impossible...by doing the unthinkable.
Weird Is Relative
Bigger. Better. More absorbent.
The story of a man ready to make a connection.
Schmidt Happens
They came home to bury mom... and her killer
Passion never dies.
Every secret takes on a life of its own.
The battle for peace has begun.
An all-new adventure down the yellow brick road.
They bring you the news so you don't have to get it yourself.
You wouldn't want to meet these pinheads in an alley.
The father, the son and the holy game.
Love, fight, live, rule like a legend.
Don't be afraid of the dark. Be afraid of what's in the dark
May the schwartz be with you

The South Pacific ain't that terrific.
Good food. Fine ales. Total Annihilation.
All she wanted was a little attention.
Say Goodbye to Innocence
Innocence dies. Abby doesn't.
Deception is dangerous. Desire is deadly.


Experience Metallica like never before
Times change. Friendship doesn't.
Life is the ultimate work of art
Kiss The Rules Goodbye.
Hope comes with letting go.
Up there with the best of the best.
A comedy about truth, justice and other special effects.
Hear See Experience
Be Your Own Hero
Protect. Love. Honor. Avenge.
My only love sprung from my only hate.
A story of innocence lost and courage found.
They Won't Take Any Shih Tzu.
How do we explain the impossible?
Belief divides them, mystery surrounds them, but fear changes everything.
Antwone Fisher is at war... with himself.
Every Second Chance Begins With a First Step
No options. No lies. No fear. No deals. Just keep talking.
The Hustler isn't what he used to be. But he has the next best thing. A kid who is.
History is about to be rewritten by two guys who can't spell.
Not every gift is welcome.
Changing the world... one word at a time.
The rumour-filled totally false account of how I ruined my flawless reputation.
He beat the odds... And became a legend!
Every man has a breaking point.
An Epic Journey.
Sometimes life gives you the finger and sometimes it gives you...

No rescue. No refuge.
One way in. No way out.
Assume the position.
Horror Has A New Home.
Sometimes you go looking for something you want. . . and find what you need.
Be first. Be smarter. Or cheat.
Once you see him, nothing can save you.
There’s no body in the family plot.
It's happening so fast.

The hanging was the best show in town. But they made two mistakes. They hung the wrong man and they didn't finish the job!
If only life were as easy as pie
It’s 4 a.m. Do you know where your car is?
A raging torrent of emotion that even nature can't control!
By far the most terrifying film you will ever see.
Aaron prays. Christian plays... Opposites attract.
On the Long Island Expressway there are lanes going east, lanes going west, and lanes going straight to hell.
He's out to prove he's got nothing to prove.
It's not who you love. It's how.
It's alive !
Little Arms With Big Attitude

Season's Greedings
It's not the armor that makes the hero, but the man inside.
It takes a moment to change history. It takes love to change lives.
Their war. Our world.
Two worlds. One hero.
When patriots become heroes
Heroes come in all different colors.
Fire burns brighter in the darkness
This is not a game.
The story of a life and everything that came after...
Thief. Warrior. Gladiator. King.
This fairytale princess is about to meet a real Prince Charming
The Bat, the Cat, the Penguin.
Some will kill to have it. He will kill to protect it.
Someone's got a zoo loose.
Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams... every friggin' day.
One Dream Will Change Everything
Sometimes your life comes into focus one frame at a time.
Ahhh... it's got that new movie smell.
What if Peter Pan grew up?
Die Harder
No limits. No fears. No substitutes.
2 Guns, 1 Bank.
Get in. Get out. Get even.
Still armed. Still dangerous. Still got it.
When troubles strikes friends stack together
Life has a mind of its own

First comes love. Then comes the interrogation.
Woman. Warrior. Queen.
For the good of all men, and the love of one woman, he fought to uphold justice by breaking the law.
It Arrives.
Based on the incredible true story.
It's good to be King.
It was the jazz age. It was an era of elegance and violence. The action was gambling. The stakes were life and death.
How do you get the man who has everything?
The true story of one man against the biggest drug cartel in history.
Don't leave Earth without it.
Single Dad, No Clue. Single Mum, Flying Solo.
Power can be murder to resist.
He Will Rock You
Based on Two True Stories
A family of whales trapped beneath the ice. One unforgettable rescue.
The quieter the street, the darker the secrets....
The electrifying dog is back from beyond the grave
It could happen to you.
Life made him tough. Love made him strong. Music made him hard.
Powered by imagination.
In a No-man's Land between North and South, You didn't fight for the Blue or the Grey... You fought for your friends and family.
Every Dream Has A Beginning
Two Worlds. One Dream.
Don't feed the plants.
Never Follow
When our world ended their mission began.
Addicted to one-night stands or dependent on one another?
Some things are better left top secret.
People may say I couldn't sing, but no one can say I didn't sing
Sometimes True Love Can Have More Than One Face.
One ordinary couple. One little white lie.
Put this in your pipe and smoke it.
Sometimes to win, sometimes you have to change the game
Love brought them together. Will fate tear them apart?
If you want to discover life learn from the master
All the fun of college, none of the education.
If you see only one movie this year...you ought to get out more often

Sometimes finding the truth is easier than facing it.
Rules are made to be broken.
All I Can Do Is Be Me Whoever That Is
From zero to hero.
No One Is Above The Law.
To save his soul he must save hers.
A look that led to an evening. A mistake he'll regret...FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE.
It's the BIGGEST. It's the BEST. It's BOND. And B-E-Y-O-N-D.
Six reasons why the west was wild.
When it's real. When it's right. Don't let anything stand in your way.
There are 188 million 911 calls a year. This one made it personal.
What are you capable of?
All the dreams you've ever had and not just the good ones.
The things that we fear the most have already happened to us...
There are a thousand ways to raise your adrenaline. Today, Chev Chelios will need every single one.
A comedy with bats and balls.
In the game of seduction, There is only one rule: Never fall in love.
On the way to finding a family, she found love.
Saving The World One Playground At A Time
The monster movie that breaks new ground.
"All the world likes an outlaw. For some damn reason they remember 'em." - Jesse James

A letter from John Lennon changed his life
Vengeance knows no boundaries.
Fast Food. High Times.
Never give up.
An Unspeakable Horror. A Creative Genius. Captured For Eternity.
The only thing you can't have in Logan's world is your 30th birthday. Unless you run away.
...seriously!
The snobs against the slobs!
Back together for the first time, again.
Based on a true story of love, victory, and fermentation
Can you keep a national secret?
Five good reasons to stay single.

The Other Side of Reason. The Other Side of Fate. The Other Side of Truth.
What took her family years to build, a stranger stole in an instant.
The great MGM musical romance
History. It's just one bloody thing after another.
In 1981, A Nineteen-Year-Old Unknown Graffiti Writer Took The New York Art World By Storm. The Rest Is Art History.
Things you always thought you knew but didn't
Shut up, crime!
It doesn't think, it doesn't feel, it doesn't give up

The true story of an American ninja.

This Is Not A Sequel. There Has Never Been Anything Like It!
The festival hit of the year!
In 2002, a young cap driver picked up a few passengers near his home in Afghanistan... He never returned

A love story that begins with an incredible experiment!

Never give up. Never back down. Never lose faith.
The first ever reality-based movie ... everything begins and ends in 30 days!
You will believe that a man can fly.
The untold story begins.
The park is open.
No more secrets.
It's time for a little madness.
The Movie Event That Will Blow Their Cover
Seek the truth.
Smart and sexy.
Your time will come...
America's Most Wanted.
Based on the incredible true story that inspired Moby Dick
The story of an underdog. And his dog.
Prepare to get served.
You Won't Believe Your Ice!
The movie they think they're making... isn't a movie anymore.
1 out of every 8 Americans is afraid of flying. Most of them don't have feathers.
What are the odds of getting even? 13 to one.
They were deadly on the ground; Now they have wings
Get ready to jam.
What if your most paranoid nightmares had just come true?
Unbridled. Unbroken. Unbeaten.
The Ice age is melting away.
When you follow your own beat, the world will follow you.
Based on a true story. You think we could make all this up?
Forget everything you know, and open your eyes.
Trust no one. Deceive everyone.
They grow up so fast.
What's forgotten is not always gone.
The epic story of love and adventure in a lawless land.
Why can't the most powerful man in the world have the one thing he wants most?
From the Dark Side to Our Side.
Infinite Space - Infinite Terror
It's a wonderful afterlife.
The Man of Steel meets his match!
Fight for your fate.
A True Zoo Story
Wife. Mother. Spy.
Serial killer vs. forensic genius

Opposites attract.
One day can make your life; one day can ruin your life. All life is is four or five big days that change everything.
They're closer than you think.
Part Man. Part Vampire. All Hero.
A world beyond your experience, beyond your imagination.

This ain't no chick flick. It's poultry in motion.
Action's never been so hot!
He needed a best man... He got the worst.
How do you hold on to someone you've never met?
Who's up for a close encounter?
Intelligence is relative.
Ever wish your boss was dead?
They proved the Vegas Blackjack System was beatable...by beating the hell out of it.
Some friends come with a happy ending.
Freedom. Country. Honor. Passion. To save his best friend, one man must risk everything he loves.
Nothing stands still.
Everything matures... eventually.
It is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.
Save the date

She rocks. She rules. She reigns.
Don't get mad. Get everything.
If you hear a strange sound outside... have sex
One goal. A second chance.
Honor made him a man. Courage made him a hero. History made him a legend.
Two brothers on opposite sides of the law. Beyond their differences lies loyalty.
Not every conspiracy is a theory.
There's nothing better than a great romance... to ruin a perfectly good friendship.
No actual Europeans were harmed in the making of this film.
The greatest victories don't always happen on the field.
It ain't over 'til it's over.
Whatcha gonna do?
Ambition seduces. Power corrupts.
The only demons in room 1408 are those within you.
Love Is In The Hair.
Sometimes dreams come back to life.
Sometimes your battles choose you.
The truth can be adjusted

You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll hurl.
Welcome Home. Get Uncomfortable.
Destiny has big plans for little Simon Birch.

He’s on a mission so secret, even he doesn’t know about it.
Protect what's yours.
Love is what it's all about!
Under the paving stones, the beach!
After 200 years, the truth behind the legend.
Come to Kazakhstan, it's nice!
In the Dark Ages, Magic was a weapon. Love was a mystery. Adventure was everywhere... And Dragons were real.
It's not where you're from. It's where you're at.
What the one doesn't have, the other is missing.
Don't be a hero.

Where civilization ends, their journey begins.
Witness it
Be yourself and you can be anything
In every mind there is a door that should never be opened.
Innocence Ends.
Ten million years in the making. The truth, the whole truth, and everything, but the truth!
The story of a man who wanted to keep the world safe for democracy...and meet girls.
He doesn't play golf... he destroys it.
There's more to family than what you see.
A Totally Deep-Fried Texas Redneck Trailer Park Murder Story.
Lance Clayton is about to get everything he deserves.
You Only Live Twice...and Twice is the only way to live!
Welcome to the new American dream.
Insanity is relative.
Far up! Far out! Far more! James Bond 007 is back!
Spy on us, we'll spy on you.
What if one split second sent your life in two completely different directions?.
A story so unbelievable it must be true.
If you think you're ready for Freddy, think again!
life's a messy business.
What an Institution!
A lifetime of change can happen in a single moment.
Nic and Jules had the perfect family, until they met the man who made it all possible.
Twelve outrageous guests. Four scandalous requests. And one lone bellhop, in his first day on the job, who's in for the wildest New year's Eve of his life.

The Master of Comedy takes on The Master of Suspense!
A comedy of families, a chip shop... and a very randy dog.
Where Men Are Rough And Tough . . . And Like Their Women The Same Way !
Selfhood begins with a walking away, and love is proved in the letting go.
Secrets don't let go.
Never Underestimate The Power Of Grace ...
A comedy about doing the right thing with the wrong person.
The Untold Story of Nat Turner
Live Forever Or Die Trying.
You're invited to a very important date.
Only the strong will survive
This holiday season... believe.
Everything that has a beginning has an end.
It will start like any other day.
Six years ago, they disappeared without a trace. Next summer, they finally resurface.
The Earth's Darkest Day Will Be Man's Finest Hour
Live for danger. Fight for justice. Pray for mercy.
Prey for the living.
He can save us all.
Earth is a memory worth fighting for
A Jedi Shall Not Know Anger. Nor Hatred. Nor Love.
Twelve is the new eleven.
The old school cop is back!
The greatest adventure history has ever revealed.
There's one in all of us.
Discover a world beyond your imagination
Get ready for a second Rush!
cut to the chase
In Bruce we trust
Something big was leftover.
He was trained to follow orders. He became a hero by defying them.
Before Gru, they had a history of bad bosses
It’s not like they didn’t warn us.
Someone is going to pay.

The war of drugs would lead him to the war of power.
The Maze Was Just the Beginning.

You will believe.
The cure for the common man.
She didn't believe in angels until she fell in love with one.
It's A Plunderful Life
One Word Can Change Everything.
Corrupts Absolutely.
Trust me.
A district attorney out for a conviction. A new lawyer out of her league. A young boy who knew too much.
She always thought she was somebody special... and she was.
How long would you wait for love?
The only thing greater than their passion for America... was their passion for each other.
My God. Brother, what have you done?
The most important part of a story is the ending.
She Just Needed A Month To Change His Life For Ever.
The battle of the sexes is on.
Boldly go.
The magic is back again!
This holiday, discover your inner elf.
The mob is tough, but it’s nothing like show business.
You lose some, you get some.
A game nobody survives. But Schwarzenegger has yet to play.
One pill can change your life.
Once discovered, it was changed forever.
Hope is the greatest weapon of all
They're about to get more than they plea-bargained for.
It's going to be legendary
It's just a bunch of Hocus Pocus.
Some Thing Has Found Us
Search for truth. Find freedom.
If you wanna chase your dream, sometimes you gotta break the rules.
Never let the truth get in the way of a good story.


No accidents. No coincidences. No escapes. You can't cheat death.
Hollywood had it coming
How far would you go to protect your home?
Win or lose... Everyone has their fight.
Don't try this at home

When you follow your dream, there's no telling what you'll become.
A dying planet. A fight for life.
Lock your doors. Bolt your windows. There's something in THE FOG!
Fake Cops. Real Trouble.
The most terrifying film you will ever experience.
Before he was the savior, he was a child.

Every Mom Wants to Be Wanted, But Not For Murder One!
There's more to the story than you know
The Conman who wouldn't go straight.
There's nothing like your first piece.
He's the best there is! (Actually, he's the only one there is.)
Today is better the second time around
Sometimes dead is better.
Guess who just made number two?
They can't skate. They can't win. They can't be serious.
Somewhere... somehow... someone's going to pay.
His family thinks he's crazy. His enemies think he's no challenge. But she knows he's THE LAST DRAGON.
Every night has a soundtrack.
The battle between the good and the bad is bound to get ugly.
You can't believe everything you see.
The end justifies the means
When a woman has the beauty men admire and women envy...it is wise to tread carefully.
Loving husband. Devoted father. Ruthless killer.
Nothing brings people together like a crappy summer job.
The suburbs make the hood look good.

One, Two, Freddy's coming for you...
They'll do anything to save their best bud.
Roger Moore is James Bond.
There's more than one way to take a life.
Life is an occasion. Rise to it.
The first motion picture in CinemaScope--the modern miracle you see without glasses!
A terrorist holds New York in a grip of fear - and only Stallone can take him on.

High...High...High...Above Them All! - in excitement! - in spectacle! - in fire, flesh and fury!
The perfect man. The perfect story. The perfect murder.
It tears you apart with suspense!

Imagine your worst fear a reality
I Want You. I Need You. I Love You. I Miss You.
A Plan No One Escapes
The Game Has Changed.
Fully Awesome. Ridonculous. Let It Begin.
The faces you love. The action you expect.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of Miami.
He's villainous, she's venomous.
The Search for Our Beginning Could Lead to Our End.
All the power in the universe can't change destiny
When he's most vulnerable, he's most dangerous.
Every generation has a legend. Every journey has a first step. Every saga has a beginning.
Where History Comes To Life
Their World Is Closer Than You Think.
1,000,000 Tons. 100,000 Lives. 100 Minutes.
He was the perfect husband until his one mistake followed them home.
No one is safe
Taking back the neighborhood... One snack at a time.
Schmucks are people too.
Sometimes a guy's best wingman... is a wingwoman
Don't walk. Run.
The House is . . . ALIVE!
When Earth Ends, The Adventure Begins.
The battle for paradise has begun.
32 survivors, room for 12.
Someone you pass on the street may already be the love of your life.
No one has seen his face... but everyone ... knows this mark.
Space will never be the same.
There is no justice without sin.
The Law Has Limits. He Does Not.
For two sisters from a family of witches, falling in love is the trickiest spell of all.
It Was Just A Moment Ago.
Inspired by a true story
In one small bottle... The fountain of youth. The secret of eternal life. The power of an ancient potion. Sometimes it works... sometimes it doesn't.
Keep your enemies close.
Ted is coming.
This animal carries a deadly virus... and the greatest medical crisis in the world is about to happen.
Where do you go when you've gone too far?
Everything is connected.
Somewhere on this planet it must exist.
No sin goes unpunished
It's about finding the love of your life. And deciding what to do about it.
Two Supreme Court Justices have been assassinated. One lone law student has stumbled upon the truth. An investigative journalist wants her story. Everybody else wants her dead.
Not for honor. Not for country. For his wife and child.
They have forty-five minutes to save the world. They need forty-six.
What most people call hell, he calls home.
Someone has to fix the problems.
If You Think You Know the Story...You Don't Know the Man.

She'd never met anyone like him. He's never met anyone... Period.

She has the code. He is the key.
Nothing ruins a party like the end of the world.
For some, 13 feels like it was just yesterday. For Jenna, it was.
A Mad Bomber is on the Loose, and If Anyone Can Stop Him....So Can Frank!
Brace yourself. This politician is about to tell the truth!
Truth. Honor. Loyalty. Family. What are you willing to sacrifice?
The life of Beatrix Potter is the most enchanting tale of all.
No one comes close to James Bond, 007.
You Can't Fight Your Destiny.
Was Shakespeare a Fraud?
Some lines shouldn't be crossed.
God Created Man. Man Created Immortality.
Laugh. Cry. Share the pants.
Matt never saw her coming... but all his friends had!
It was just a joke, just for fun.
What if your dad was Santa Claus?
He's up past his bedtime in the city that never sleeps.
They're going deep undercover.
Party like a mother.

They're dying to play with you.
Every secret comes with a price.
Their city. Their rules. No prisoners.
Feelings get you killed.
Never underestimate a man with everything to lose.
What happened to Emily?
Welcome to the next grade
A handful of men and women held out against the frenzied hordes of bloodthirsty fanatics!
Its Not How Hard You Fall, Its How You Get Back Up
Welcome to the witching hour.
Back to the grind.
The Only Person You Need To Be Is Yourself.
Inner City vs. Outer Space
He was given an offer he couldn't refuse...
Dream for the fences.
The only easy day was yesterday
They've got their degrees all rolled up.
Four Friends Looking For A Little Harmony
He just doesn't know it yet.
Dalton lives like a loner, fights like a professional. And loves like there's no tomorrow.


Nice knowing you.
It's 1975 and they're about to explode.
Chucky is one mean S.O.B.
Every year, one in 700 people wake up during surgery.
The Intersection Where Family, Honor and Betrayal Collide.
The man who made 007 a household number
The man with the golden gun is ready to assassinate James Bond.
A comedy about sex, love, family and other accidents waiting to happen.
Oh Yes... There Will Be Blood.

You see what it wants you to see
Welcome to disorganized crime.
Sometimes dead does not mean gone.

The ball is back!
Meet baby Milo who has Washington terrified.
In the future, intelligence is extinct.
The world is yours.
Take A Ride To The Edge
Open Your Mind. And Everything Else.
No one makes it alone.
Be Careful... She Just Might Take Your Heart.
It's Date Night
Freedom is possible

The scariest movie of all time is a true story.

You're only as good as the people you know.
They are back... in time.
Rise and rise again, until lambs become lions.
Defy the Future
Imagine a world where nothing is impossible.
Return to magic. Return to hope. Return to Narnia.
Bad Behavior. Bad Attitude. Real Hero.
Still together. Still lost!
Witness the Origin.
They're already here.
Who is Salt?
You have never seen anything like this.
Where will you be?
The storm is coming.
One Choice Can Destroy You
I can't get it out of my head. I'm gonna die today.
Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift.
First comes marriage. Then comes divorce. And then...
The Wolfpack Is Back
If you can't get out, get even.
This summer everything is under control.
How Fast Do You Want It?
Something has survived.
Two's company, three's a crime.
The story of a man who could only count to #1
There is no turning back
When our flag falls our nation will rise.
Every bloodline has a beginning
Ted is Coming, Again.
Leave Your Comfort Zone
Their greatest challenge lies in rescuing one of their own
Nothing spreads like fear
No Names. No Badges. No Mercy.
Some secrets take us to the edge.
You have been chosen
The bitch is back.
Taking the world by farce
Saving the world takes a little Hart and a big Johnson
Get Carried Away With The Cutest Little Monkey Around!
Here they grow again.
Deception is their most deadly weapon.
Kojak. Columbo. Dirty Harry. Wimps.
A medal for honor. A search for justice. A battle for truth.
Young Beautiful Deadly.
For a New York cop and his witness, the distance between life and death just got very short.
You can only push an innocent man so far
8 Strangers, 8 points of view.  1 Truth.
The oddest friends are about to get even
The few, the proud, and the small.
Licensed to thrill.
Share the music with someone you love.
There is no right or wrong, only fun and boring
Everyone has a limit.
Survival Is His Revenge
Escape is the only option
I'm back, baby!
The human adventure is just beginning.
Every war has a beginning.
Ride Like Hell
Some things in life just can't be explained.
Eight legs, two fangs, and an attitude.
What could go wrong?
Their country. Their laws. Their game. His rules.
Christine Brown has a good job, a great boyfriend, and a bright future. But in three days, she's going to hell.
The Time Has Come.
He's across the pond, and out of his depth.
James Bond’s all time high.
Save the due date.
What if someone you love...just disappeared?
Smart Girls. Pretty Girls. Missing Girls.
The longer you wait, the harder it gets
Some people are afraid of all the wrong things
Fear takes flight.
The story of the man who thought he was the greatest lover in the world... and the people who tried to cure him of it!
Anyone Else Would Be Dead By Now.
One bullet killed the President. But not one man.
Their graduation present was a trip to paradise, but they never thought they would land in hell.
PRE. The way he competed. The way he lived his life.
You're never quite ready for what life delivers.
Half time is game time
Stake Your Claim To The Musical Goldmine of '69!
Ally's looking for the best ex of her life.

Fear Thy Neighbor
Best. Night. Ever.
Family vs. Frat
He's not like us.
This is War. This is Brooklyn.

Take me to your teacher.
If someone hurt someone you love, how far would you go to get revenge?
Love doesn't come cheap.
Welcome to paradise. Enter at your own risk.
What was once in the deep is now in the shallows.

Everyone's gettin' lined up.
This time they're running from the joint.

You're travelling through another dimension. A dimension, not only of sight and sound, but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land whose boundaries are that of imagination. Next stop, the Twilight Zone!
Some secrets are too big to keep.
They've been bad. Very bad.
Love. Commitment. Responsibility. There's nothing he won't run away from.
A man with a secret. A woman with a dream.

Emotions . . . As Violent As The Wind-Swept Prairie !


Professional alcoholic hit man gets life back on track thanks to her
The Most Dangerous Thing Is To Be Alive.
At this wedding, the F-word stands for Family
Out here, there's nowhere to hide.

Harper takes a case - and the payoff is murder.
An army of civilized apes...A fortress of radiation-crazed super humans...Earth's final battle is about to begin - Beneath the atomic rubble of what was once the city of New York!
Fear is a place.
What happens in the kitchen ends up on the plate.
A Great Human Story... Makes A Mighty Motion Picture!!!
Anytime. Anywhere. He's watching.
After Six Years, They're No Longer Aliens. They're Residents
There are two sides to every love story.
They ran away from everything but each other.
An exercise in poor taste.
Lost in our world, found in another.
For love, for hate, for justice, for revenge.
The invasion we always feared. An enemy we never expected.
The Rush Is On!
The epic finale that will live forever
You'll like him when he's angry.
SLO NO MO
One Final Night to Save the Day.
Seize your glory!
Ice Cold, Hot Wired.
When the cops are busy... Our only hope is...
Back for War.
The Dark Side of Nature.
One Fur All & All Fur One
This isn't the movies anymore.
Nice planet. We'll take it!
The year is 2013. One man walked in off the horizon and hope came with him.
Left for dead on a remote planet for obsolete machines and people, a fallen hero has one last battle to fight
Vengeance Returns
He has the power to hear everything women are thinking. Finally... a man is listening.
Adventure Is Waiting
Misery loves family.
Justice has its price.
How do you stop an assassin who has no identity?
A generation's final journey... begins.
Hiring them was a brilliant mistake.
If Someone Took Everything You Live For... How Far Would You Go To Get It Back?
Two of L.A.'s top rival cops are going to have to work together... Even if it kills them.
The nations heart was touched by...
It's a heck of a place to find yourself
Two agents. One city. No merci.
From gentle to mental.
Save the best piece for last.
You're all going to die.
The Clock Is Ticking...
He's a heartbeat away from catching the killer
How do you find a killer who doesn’t exist?
Never Mess With An Agent In A Dress.

Everything you trust. Everything you know. May be a lie...
What do you see?
The Film Hackers Tried To Get Banned
The brothers-in-law are back
Who says you're only young once?
New Crime. Same Tools.
New Decade. New Rules.
You can't prepare for where the truth will take you.
Breakfast TV just got interesting.
He'll save every one of us!
Nature called. Look who answered.
New animals. New adventures. Same hair.
She's about to find the perfect fit.
One day can change everything.
Their American dream is bigger than yours.
A life misunderestimated.
Never let her out of your sight. Never let your guard down. Never fall in love.
Propose to this cop's sister? Rookie mistake.
Friendship has its benefits.
Come out, come out, whatever you are.
What would you hide to protect your family?
Disaster has a passport.
The bravest place to stand is by each other's side.
Someone has taken their love of sequels one step too far.
A comedy straight from the heart
What would you do to get out of debt?
Slow Justice is no Justice
When the going gets tough... the tough take the law into their own hands.
He never saw it coming.

Marriage is an institution they're committed to.
A journey that begins where everything ends!
Feel The Touch Of Destiny
Two Enemies ... The Mob ... The Ultimate Showdown.
The hunter becomes the hunted
Don't judge a book by its hair color!
Because we complete each other's sentences.
Discover what happens when you go looking for a miracle and a miracle comes looking for you.

The touching story of a boy and his right hand.
He will challenge their traditions. Their traditions will change his life.

Nothing's more dangerous than some nice guys... with a little time to kill.
Get Lost. Get Found.
Power is the best alibi.
Suffering? You Haven't Seen Anything Yet...
Yesterday's history.  Tomorrow's the future.  Tonight's the party.
The first step to finding your destiny is leaving your mother's basement.
They're not just living the American dream, they're selling it.
Allen Bauer Thought He'd Never Find The Right Woman... He Was Only Half Wrong!
When you realize getting some means wanting more.
When the dancer becomes the dance.
Work all day. Work it all night.
A day without sex is a day wasted.
It's 11:59 on New Years Eve... do you know where your date is?
Do not attempt this at home.
The only way out is down.
Keep an eye out for the funniest movie about growing up ever made!
Hitchcock takes you behind the actual headlines to expose the most explosive spy scandal of the century!
Howard Hughes' Thrilling Multi-Million Dollar Air Spectacle
All new! The revolt of the apes. The most awesome spectacle in the annals of science fiction!
There are two kinds of people: those who get AIRBORNE...and those who don't.
Tom Jones! . . . loves and loves and loves and loves . . .
Isn't it time everyone hears your secrets?

Revenge is coming.
When aliens attack, monsters fight back.
It ain't Ogre... Til it's Ogre
Who's ready for Thirds?
Someone's Going Down
Same Planet. New Scum.
As the countdown begins for the new millennium there is still one number you can always count on.
There Was Never Just One
The story before Snow White
Yesterday is a memory. Today is history. Tomorrow is in the hands of one man.
It all started when he met a woman
The most powerful force on earth is about to be unleashed by the two people who should know better.
What If You Had A Remote... That Controlled Your Universe?
Choose Your Weapon.
You can shine no matter what you're made of.
Boys will be boys. . . some longer than others.
On November 6th our freedom is history
Nothin' but a good time
The trap is set.
Nobody ever grows up quite like they imagined.
It's a Hard Knock Life
Get ready for a killer race.
Every ant has his day.
This is not a true story. This is true love.
Who will walk away?
One man will stand up for what's right.
Forever hold your piece.
Get an afterlife
Some men should not be found.
It's kind of a big deal
Failure is not an option.
The only flaw in their plan was her.
It started with revenge.
You will be one of us
It can take a lifetime to find true love; she's got 30 days!
One man. One mission. No chance.
Growing pains? They've got twelve of them!
His only weapon is his will to survive.
Fear is Reborn
He'll do anything to get the groom out of the picture.
He only has 1000 words left to discover what matters the most.
DeNiro vs Stallone
Sometimes What You're Looking For Is Right Where You Left It.
The story of a wanna be who got to be.
Kick some past

The most powerful man in the world.
You'll Believe That Pigs Can Fly!
If you don't STAND for something, you might FALL for anything.
The messenger must be silenced.
Who's Taking Who?
A comedy about meeting each other halfway.
This Summer It's All About Sticking Together.
Don't hope for a miracle. Make one.
She has the best of both worlds...now she has to choose just one.
Unite and fight.
Kill or be replaced.
You can't run from evil when it lives next door.
Some friends just fit together.
Mondays are manic. Wednesdays are wild. And Fridays are about to get a little freaky.
In the city ruled by criminals, two families have forgotten their fear. He will make them remember.
Vengeance is the ultimate weapon.
Hope Runs Deep
The only criminal he can't catch is himself.
Half his size, twice the trouble ... and she's moving in.
Based on a tattle-tale.
School's Out for the summer
Sometimes you have to break the rules to free your heart.
Christmas comes prematurely.
What doesn't kill you... is going to marry your brother.
In 2019, The Most Precious Natural Resource... Is Us.

He's leaving virgin territory
The Most Magnificent Re-Creation . . . Of An Ancient Empire . . . Launches A New Epoch In Motion Pictures . . .
What happened over the next 28 days has never been explained.
In a world where everyone can only tell the truth... This guy can lie.
Her dream. Her terms
Love is never ugly.
A New American Story
Freshman year is no fairytale
Real people. Real reactions. Real messed up.
Kitten, please.
A spy is never out of the game.
Don't Hold Back ...Don't Give Up.
The most terrifying ride you'll ever take
A mysterious seductress preys upon the population of Scotland
It's about compromise. It's about love. It's about a good wingman.
Unlock the mystery

The party's back in the 'hood!
He's armed and dangerously funny.
You can't play by the rules if there aren't any.

Flunk 'em if they can't take a joke.

Sometimes the only way to get past family drama... is to jump right over it.
You'll never get out alive.


To Nefer, shameless temptress of Babylon, he surrendered his parents' hope of immortality!
Lost is a good place to find yourself
The world's most private detective.
No one loves you like your grandparents.
From the author of Fight Club
Gangway...For This Years BIG Adventure!
A GUY - A GAL - A PAL - It's Swell!
The body count continues...

The battle within.
Never Take Off the Mask
Worst Heroes Ever
Beyond the horizon lies the secret to a new beginning.
For courage. For loyalty. For honor.
When the lights go off the battle is on.
Every legend has a beginning.
Giving big businesses a run for their money!
You know his name
Every Hit Man Deserves a Second Shot!
Break the boundaries of your world
In the coldest place on Earth, he's the hottest thing around.
Where There Are Gods, There Are Monsters.
Never reveal your name. Never turn your back. Never surrender your heart.
They come from different worlds. They fight for different causes. Now, two men from opposite sides of the law are about to go to war.
Heaven and Earth are about to collide.
Whatever they dream up... he has to survive.
How do you save humanity when the only thing that's real is you?
Think this is what they do all day?
Their greatest battle would be for her love.
You will be unprepared
Beyond Courage, Beyond Honor.
Every BODY needs a hero
27,000 nuclear weapons. One is missing.
The world saw evil that day. Two men saw something else.
kurd
It's SPY Against SPY
He's still evil... He's still deadly... and he's still surrounded by frickin' idiots!
You can't stop the thunder.
It's already too late.
Most people respect the badge. Everybody respects the gun.
High-Octane Action and Daring Dogfights!
One ordinary couple. One little white lie.
Sex Is Power.
The Most Anticipated Motion Picture Event of The Year
Who says men can't change?
Knowing is everything...
Three like him have already been killed…he is Number Four.
Her uptown life gets turned inside out!

One man will make a mistake. The other will make it a spectacle.
Their turf. Their game. Their rules. They didn't count on HIS law...
An ambitious lawyer, a desperate father, they had no reason to meet, until today,
Golf Pro. Love Amateur.
His bad side is a dangerous place to be.
An education in incarceration.
Aaron Green has 72 hours to get a Rock Star from London to L.A. Pray for him.
Step out of the ordinary
We all share a common destination.
The search for her son was over. The search for her family was just beginning.
Welcome to the party
We All Know One.
It's a thin line between love and friendship.
Silent. Invisible. Invincible. He's in town with a few days to kill.
A cyber killer has finally found the perfect accomplice: You.
If war is Hell, then what comes after?
A story about the memories that haunt us, and the truth that sets us free.
May the best bride win
If you have to believe in something, you may as well believe in love.
Four Brothers. Four Criminals. For The Money... They Would Stop At Nothing.
Death is like a boomerang. it keeps coming back

No goats. No glory.
From the book that's an American tradition… from the smash-hit Broadway show… the entertainment of the year!
You can mess with him. But don't mess with his water.
A story of a mother who knows best... and a daughter who knows better.
Their Empire. His Kingdom.
With Burt and Dolly this much fun just couldn't be legal!
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water...
What Could Be Safer Than Living Next to a Cop?
When she's this hot, You get one shot.
Stay Charged, Stay Alive!
The World is watching
The most unexpected comedy ever conceived.
Knowing what you know now, what would you do differently?
He's not from around here...
Armed And Dangerously Dumb.
Score!
The greatest college tradition of all.
It's not a diary, it's a movie.
You don't want to be on his list.
It doesn't matter where you've been as long as you come back strong.
Will she have the power... to survive?
If they don't finish the job, their fathers will finish them.

Demented. Deranged. Deceptive. De Palma.

You Won't Believe How It Ends
You think it is over...but the games have just begun
The Saints Are Calling
Sometimes it's hard to find your way.
Don't Graduate. Celebrate.
Love is a foolish game
It Runs In The Family
Everybody has one
Horror has returned to Haddonfield.
After a decade of silence... The buzzz is back!
the few, the proud, the paroled.
Fear God.
When the curtain goes up, the terror begins.
Suck it and see...
Jason's Back, and this is the one you've been screaming for.

She's to die for.
When it comes to love, sometimes she just can't think straight.
Fearless! Unstoppable! Ready For His Close-Up!
What Happens When You Sleep?
A Cross Country Road Wreck!
There are worlds beyond our own - the compass will show the way.
This is not war. It's extinction.
Ka-ciao!
The Fairytale is Over
It's The Coolest Job Ever.
Reset the future
He’s never been cooler.
Honor Was Their Code.
Mysterious. Dangerous. Reptilious. You've never seen heroes like this.
You will never forget
Ordinary guys. An extraordinary robbery.
Just because they're a little older doesn't mean they've grown up.
The greatest adventure THROUGH all time!
No air. No escape. No time.
Believe the Impossible. Discover the Incredible.
The story of what happens when one little fish tells a great white lie...
Every family has a hero.
A thousand feet beneath the sea, the blackest holes are in the mind...
A New Breed Of Secret Agent.
He's leaving his world behind.
You're either S.W.A.T. or you're not.
Gordon never gives up.
It all begins ... With a choice.
Crime Is King.
Let Yourself GO
Small Mouse. Big Dreams
In 141 years, there's never been a traitor in the Secret Service.... Until Now.
They can't keep their hands off each others assets.
Fasten your seat belts
Choose your Daddy
Prepare to go
Touched by death. Changed by life.
Treasure has its price.
No bib. No crib. No problem.
Great trilogies come in threes.
Same Planet. Different World.
This party never ends.
For the most cautious man on Earth, life is about to get interesting.
Because someone is dead doesn't mean they're gone.
The hunter becomes the hunted.
It's too late to pull out now.
When you can live forever, what do you live for?
You can only defeat it when you believe.
Saving The World... One Homework Assignment At A Time.

He wanted it all...but he got more than he bargained for.
Sometimes to keep the magic, you need to learn a few tricks.
Would you put your eggs...in this basket?
A story of love lost and found.
Know her name. Fear her power.
The only way out is down.
Everything changed in the wink of an eye.
May the best campaign win.
Go ahead, you tell him you didn't do your homework.
Mortal enemies make dangerous friends.
Fear The Demon That Doesn't Fear God
Space. It's not as deep as you think.
One ordinary guy is giving the candidates a reason to run.
Reality is only a nightmare away
Elections are made to be broken.

One good shot deserves another.
The most powerful legend of all is back in a new adventure.
They Broke Every Rule
The Musical Event of the Holiday Season
Prepare for the ultimate chug of war.
A love story.
How far would you go to save your son?
In America you're on your own.
Money can make people do funny things.

Terror beyond your wildest dreams.
Look out Jack! Chucky's back!
Love can change what we want… war can change who we are
Ben loves his family almost as much as he loves himself
Ever have one of those lives?
Their only weapon is the truth.
They haven't quite figured it all out, but they're getting a little warmer.
Get ready to fall
May the best moves win.
Every child needs to feel loved.
Bad Things Happen For A Reason
Celebrate the legend.
There are four kinds of alien encounters. The fourth kind is abduction.
Life Never Gets Old.
The last guy she wants is the only one she needs.
Not made to be broken
A sensuous story of natural love.

Vegas Needs a New King.
Lose your hang-ups. Find your calling.
R U Agitated?
Justice or revenge
In Oz, nothing is what it seems
The adventure continues . . .
Born to bee wild.
The pressure is building...
Bust a Moo
Born into Wealth. Groomed by the Elite. Trained for Combat.
This time, it's not just a walk in the park!
Let There Be Life.
Are You Who You Think You Are
Hunt forever.
Do not trust anyone. Do not show emotion. Do not fall asleep.
No stray gets turned away.
Perfect wife. Perfect target.
The Gods need a hero.
Out of the ashes, hope will rise.
George Simmons was prepared to die, but then a funny thing happened.
Catch her if you can.
Who will save us?
We're not your classic heroes, we're the other guys.
Prepare to Go Ballistic.
The final hunt begins.
Same Big Family... Even Bigger Adventure.
The first was for himself. The second for his country. This time it's to save his friend.

Hang On To Your Nuggets
All fans have a favorite player.  This one has a favorite target.
Some people will do anything to gain power. Some will do anything to keep it.
A Love Story. More or Less.
Classic tale. New twist.
Stealing the power of the universes one by one.
There's no such thing as free cable.
The untold story of Jekyll and Hyde
Someone has taken their love of trilogies one step too far.
Are You A Shallow Guy?
When you're searching for a killer... the last suspect you want to see is your son.
Not all surgery is intended to cure.
Fall in love, get married, have a baby. Not necessarily in that order.
Proof Can Be a Powerful Weapon.
To get away clean, you have to play dirty.
Sometimes the wrong side of the law is the right place to be.
It's never too late to start acting like a family

Rediscover life and love
A comedy about the journey between popping the question and tying the knot.
He has 88 minutes to solve a murder. His own.

Roscoe Jenkins aims for the heartstrings and funny bones, a raucous helping of family soul food.
The one night anything is possible.
Here come the grandparents.  There go the rules.
The only way out is all in

Lights. Camera. Abduction.
Witness the manhunt that changed the course of human history
Survive all 12

Only their mother can tell them apart.
The only risk in taking an adventure is not taking it at all.
To have and to hold... 'Til dads do us part.
No one will ever believe our story.
Finally.
A fresh, sassy and sexy comedy!
This is Jason. He's a little worried about his grandpa.
He's cool. He's clean. He's a love machine.
These two opposites attract... but EVERYONE'S trying to keep them apart!
The story of a cop who wanted it bad and got it worse.
See Barbarella do her thing!
There are hundreds of nights in high school, but there’s only one prom.
One's a warrior. One's a wise guy. They're two L.A. cops going after a gang of drug lords. Feet first.

Sticking it to the man has never looked so good.
Welcome To Your Worst Nightmare
Act like a criminal to catch a criminal.
A romantic comedy about two brothers... and the one thing that came between them.
In 2009 you demanded it. Nothing can prepare you for what's next.
Someone is coming back to Elm Street!
Kill or be killed!

Delivering justice, one shell at a time...
There's nowhere to hide. We dare you to try.

A Living, Crawling, Hell on Earth!
The end of the world is just the beginning.
Titans will clash.
You'll be sorry you were ever born human
Before he was a legend, he was a man.
Get Some Action
Game On.
Every legend has a new beginning.
After this week in paradise, they’re going to need a vacation.
When it comes to saving the world, it helps to be a little chicken.
Who's your daddy?
They're the man.
Last time he rocked the boat. This time the sky's the limit.

. . . pick a side.
The Next Chapter Begins.
Small town kid, big time right hook.
Be careful what you wish for...
Nothing Is More Dangerous Than A Man With Everything To Lose.
Snake Is Back.
In the near future, you don't live to play... you'll play to live.
Dark secrets will come to light.
Meet the Devil. She's giving Elliott seven wishes. But not a chance in Hell.
This relationship is going to be a real mother.
One man could lead this team to glory. . . That man was busy
Discover the origin of the monster and his creation.
Everyone is searching for something.
Meet a man who never met a woman he didn't love.
The deeper you look, the more you will find.
Protect Your Own
Your adventure starts here.
She's having the time of his life
New neighbors.
The sort-of sequel to 'Knocked Up'
Never make a bet you can't afford to lose.
They stole his life. He's taking it back.
He's not lean. He's not mean. He's nacho average hero.
Paranoia meets pandemonium.
Adventure and imagination will meet at the final frontier.
A lot can happen in 30 minutes.
He may be small, but he's got a big brain!
For the girls of ZETA house college life was no party, until Shelley showed up.
No driver's license, no credit cards, no passport, no access to her bank accounts in a foreign country ... She finds her identity stolen.
Life's A Game. Learn How To Play.
The Code on the Street is Never Black & White
The joy of the New York City Ballet in an exciting family holiday motion picture.
Let your hair down
If you're going to bury the truth, make sure it stays buried.
No animals were harmed in the making of this movie. 70 members of the cast and crew were.
The truth is never overrated
Sometimes The Most Desirable Relationship Is The One You Can't Have
Opportunity rocks.
First he gets into your house. Then he gets into your head.
Eddie Murphy is the chosen one.
Everyone gets old. Not everyone grows up.
In a time of crisis, America will call Reno 911!
She's done flying solo.
Americans...they have no imagination.
Tim's getting a future... whether he likes it or not!
Fear reaches out... for the girl next door.
Before the Conjuring, there was Annabelle.
Faith. Redemption. Survival.
Believe In Him.
Nobody believes a liar...even when they're telling the truth.
A woman's search for herself.
Aura would like you to know that she is having a very, very hard time.
The Battle for Earth Begins at Sea
Prepare for a giant adventure
Mayday
Mom needs a little space.
Evil breeds pain.
Breaking the Law to Protect It.
Smurf Happens.
Get ready to get naughty!
Prepare for the end.
Lather. Rinse. Save the world.
Adventuress Lara Croft goes on a quest to save the mythical Pandora's Box
What would you do if you lost everything?
The Snow White legend comes alive.
It's not war. It's survival.
Takes One To Know One.
Are you a patriot or a vampire?
What's Christmas Fun without some Reindeer Games?
Candy, chicks and rock 'n' roll.
Two Dads, One Toy, No Prisoners.
The story of a child… and his son.

Get your squeak on!
To leave the nest, some men just need a little push.
The race is on

When intimacy is forbidden and passion is a sin, love is the most defiant crime of all.
The battle for the lawn is on.
It's a Job. It Isn't Personal. Well, Maybe a Little...
Meet Darren. He's sixteen going on immortal.
Real spies...only smaller
His house. His rules. Some in-laws were made to be broken.
Our time is up.
Prey. Slay. Display
Leave no loose ends
They missed each other. This time, their aim is better.
The house always wins.
Watch your assets
His big day is her big problem.
Spying is easy, Babysitting is hard
Anabel made a wish. Murray made a mess
Bloody lovely.
You'll never know what bit you.
He's All Action
He can taste your fear.
Everyone Has A Breaking Point
In 2033, justice rides a tank and wears lip gloss.
In every love story, there's only room for one leading man.
On September 1st, a heroine will rise.
A Comedy That Never Takes Its Foot Off The Gas
...the most devastating killing machine ever built... his job... steal it!
Who will be the last man standing?
Evil loves to party.
He charges $10 but he’s willing to negotiate.
He Came. He Cleaned. He Conquered.
The truth is just a trick of light.
They served you Breakfast. They gave you Pie. Now we’re gonna stuff your face.
Some people just can't handle Halloween.
It can turn you on, or turn on you.
It's Woo's world.. we're just living in it.
You've never been anywhere until you've been here
Contain The Truth.
How can you believe your eyes when they're not yours?
Their conquest has already begun... He know they're here.
Now Freddy’s a daddy, he’s killing for two.
Magic opened up their hearts... Love did the rest.
A moment can change everything.
The 'Mad Dog' Criminal...The 'Lone Wolf' Lawman...The Ultimate Showdown.
What could go wrong?
Welcome to the slammer
The final chapter in the incredible Apes saga. The most suspenseful showdown ever filmed as two civilizations battle for the right to inherit what's left of the earth!
Escaped convicts disguised as beauty pageant experts? This could get ugly
She's going from straight A's to getting her first F.
Online, your memories last forever. But so do your mistakes.
HEAR ELVIS SING . . .
Everyone says he should date girls his own age. Oscar respectfully disagrees.


To protect and serve the living
A Little Goes A Long Way
Kids bring everyone closer, right?
The wives of Stepford have a secret.
Carrie on.

Earth has a deadline.
Get a Clue
This holiday it's gonna get squeaky.
They had to travel into the past to save the future
Everyone is looking for the next big hit
This February True Love Takes a Dive.
He doesn't just talk to the animals!
The Boys are back in town... and they have competition.
Two Mismatched Partners. One Messed Up Case!
Get on, or GET OUT THE WAY!
One Week, No Rules
Danger is his middle name.
Vampire Killer
Sophistication Has a Name.
Inside Sherman Klump, a party animal is about to break out.
The Perfect World Meets The Perfect Assassin
Two's company. Dupree's a crowd.
He will do anything to protect his family.
The dead don't sleep.
A Player Who's About to be Played.
The Second Parts Are More Fools
The momma of all comedies is back!!!
Rest In Pieces
Get ready for one mother of a road trip
The Shadow Knows!
What Hath God Wrought?
The trap is set. The game is on.
Armed and Sort-of Dangerous.
How well do you know the one you love?
Justice needs a new program.
A Cut Above
Worst. Babysitter. Ever.
Fear is never just make believe
All you have to do is push the button.

They swore nothing would come between them. Then evil walked in the door
The glass is about to be shattered...
Everything he needed to know about life, she learned in prison.
Nothing In This World Has Prepared You For This.
It's funny what love can make you do...
Band Together
She doesn't give an F.
Christmas means comfort, joy and chaos.
Warning: Sex Changes Everything
The death of Mona Dearly wasn't so much a whodunnit, as a who didn't.
Whatever You Do, Don't Answer The Phone.
Let someone in.
The Sisters of Theta Pi Are Dying To Keep a Secret.

His World. His Rules.
God made him simple. Science made him a god.
Be careful, children at play.
The Agency's best has a bad case of nerves.
Chill or be Chilled
Only once in 3000 years...anything like...
Hope lives
Life is the symptom. Death is the cure.
Where will you be when the end begins?
This $*%! ain't paranormal.
Sean Connery is Shalako! Shalako means action! Action means Bardot!
Thanks to his two girlfriends Blake is about to learn a new sexual position. Honesty
Some guests never checked out.
Scream all you want.
A comedy of biblical proportions
Who You Gonna Call?
Unleash the hero within
Right place. Wrong time.
First to finish. Last to die.
His father, her mother, his mother and her father all in one day.
Catch it if you can!
Welcome to his jungle.
Time is running out for a happy ending.
A circle of friendship. A web of mystery. A pattern of fear.
In a perfect world...they never would have met.
Big things come in small packages
It may be paradise... but it's no vacation.
Warrior. Legend. King.
This Season, The Mystery Of The Darkness Will Consume Your Life
Got Protection?
Reaction Time 8-4-96
Survival is a Killer.
One hell of a ride.
A romantic comedy without the sugar.
She's looking for a few not-so-good men
Bury the grudge. Burn the village.  See the saw.
A movie about a movie they don't want you to see.
If the world's most powerful computer can control even Superman...no one on earth is safe.
Little Spies. Big Attitudes
Rock out with your Glock out
This Fall, Action is served on the rocks, with a twist.
Leave your baggage behind
Momma's got back-up.
Abracatastic!
The call of the wild, the thrill of adventure. The mistake of a lifetime.
This summer it's finally safe to go back in the water.
The story of a girl who is going from filthy to rich
There's something in the water.
Evil wears many faces.
You die in the game - you die for real.
A Pawsome 3D Adventure
Boy meets girl. Boy meets girl's cousin.
Trained to kill. Left for dead. Back for more.
2,000 colleges. 8 million roommates. Which one will you get?
Two brothers separated by the violence. Now together in a mission of revenge.
She's evil... and not just high school evil.
Man's closest encounter.
He's gonna break your heart.
Unleash your inner model.

A slacker competes with a repeat winner for the "Employee of the Month" title at work
When you're down 'n dirty, it all comes out in...
Old habits party hard.
Jason is back, but this time someone's waiting!

They're not staying down there anymore!
Expand your universe.
Hell Is About To Be Unleashed
This summer the Angels are back.
Courage now, truth always...
Yippee Ki-Yay Mother Russia
Check your pulse at the door... if you have one.
Some houses are born bad.
Life's a Pic-A-Nic
Two best friends. Nothing could come between them... or could it?
Attitude meets espionage.
If you weren't afraid of flying before, you will be now.
Get ready for frisky business.
Get your quest on.
Some fantasies go too far.
Are you curious?
As you've never seen it before.
Sometimes you have to say goodbye before you can say hello.
Houston, we have a problem!
Life is Not Child-Proof.
When a Man Has Lost Everything. He Only has Revenge
Some pigeons eat crumbs, others make history.
Have you ever been tempted to look inside his...
See how they run.
Admit nothing.
Safety Never Takes A Holiday.
When the last angel falls, the fight for mankind begins.
Adventure is an attitude.
Only One Has The Power To Save Their Souls
The Other Side of Safety.
Some People Tell Lies. Others Live Them.
24 hours. 350 miles. His girlfriend's kids. What could possibly go wrong?
What Was Once Trapped, Will Now Be Unleashed
Only the power of Hell can help them.
A powerful man torn between his love for one woman and his secret desire for another.
After a night they can't remember, comes a day they'll never forget.
Michael Lives, And This Time They're Ready!
It's closer than you think
You're one of us now.
Where Pride Began
In our darkest hour, there will be light.
It's a whole new west.
The world needs bigger heroes
Meet Two Unlikely Heroes With A Bone To Pick.
We are no longer in control.
The martian has landed. There goes the neighborhood.
We're not in Manhattan anymore.
Whatever happens to the boys, one thing is certain. Nothing will ever come between them.
Cousins. Outlaws. Thrillbillies.
Start your engines...
Don't Ever Cross Alex Cross
Never steal from the world's greatest thief.
At 30,000 feet, snakes aren't the deadliest thing on this plane.
Cheer 'til you're horse!
You will believe that a duck can talk.
Bigger. Bolder. Blonder.
Someone is dying for a second chance.
Looks Can Kill
Family Is Forever
He's the ultimate tool.
A vacation to die for

They saved the best for last.
Evil will rise.
Let me tell you a story...
A New Beginning to the first step in terror.
Mae West gives a 'Hot Time' to the nation!
Danger is real, fear is a choice
Danger, Will Robinson!

The end of an empire...the beginning of a legend.
In the battle between good and evil, an immortal holds the key
Things Are Gonna Get Hairy!
There's a Whole Other World Going on Inside of Him.
Where you are the endangered species.
Live Large
It's all in who you trust
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
There's only one way out.
Born in darkness. Sworn to justice.
They fell in love 24 years ago... and in the next 24 hours, they'll remember why.
Fear is a trigger
Vegas has a new high roller.
Best business trip ever.
Big league. Big mouth. Big time.
Is it love... or are they just imagining things?
Sin Is A Choice.
If it were easy, men would do it too.
You are now infected.
She hit the road. The road hit back.

War is Fine But The Fight Continues
How low will they go to get the girls of their dreams?
A Pre-Life Crisis.
The Laws of Space and Time are About to be Violated.
His biggest fan just became his worst nightmare.
Haddonfield is ready to celebrate Halloween.... so is Michael Myers!


...and now the earth will run with blood again!
The pulsating drama of Broadway's bared heart speaks and sings with a voice to stir your soul!
We had twenty years to prepare. So did they.
Fear The Sky
How do you know it's love?
Something big is going down.
As darkness falls, the last dragon will choose its rider.
Just like real spies... only furrier.
The doctor is in again.
We've Sensed It. We've Seen The Signs. Now... It's Happening.
The Last Place On Earth We Want To Be Is In The Middle
The greatest Superhero movie of all time! (not counting all the others)
They're going to save the world... as long as they're home for dinner.
Just Say Moe.
The adventure of a lifetime, in a few mere seconds.

Terror runs deep.
50% Warrior. 50% Lover. 100% Chihuahua.
Who knew so many little people would throw such a huge party?
They're on a mission without permission.
Imagine a country where more people vote for a pop idol than they do for their next President.
The Last Man Standing Gets The Kitty.
It's Time For
Every House Has It's Secrets
Every School Has Its Spirit
The Truth Hurts
Survive The Holidays
The blood war is on.
Not All Fairy Tales Go By the Book.
Terror is the same on any planet.
Be careful who you trust.
Are you game?
Evil will do anything to live.
A long shot romance in a short order world.
Find out what's possible if you never give up.
A comedy about a wife, her husband and his hit man.
Everyone comes here looking for a way out
Her heart was torn between love and the future of Hawaii...

The Big Apple's in BIG trouble!
An American Cavalcade!
Everybody Needs A Release
Four nations, one destiny
The Klumps are back!
Go back to where the horror began.
Prepare for the next level
I'm gonna kill you all kinds of dead.
Long time no Z
3rd Mission. 3rd Dimension.
You say you want a revolution?
They're headed to the big time...face first.
For the women of Europe... The price of love just got a lot cheaper.

Announcing the arrival of the first airline with soul.
A Comedy That Clings
What would you do to get in?
Dreams change. Friends are forever
Take the ride.
Don't look up
Rising from tragedy to triumph


Meet your ancestors
The gates of hell are unlocked.
The Most Seductive Evil of All Time Has Now Been Unleashed in Ours.
He wasn't much of a man... Now he's not much of an animal!
You thought it was just a story.
Evil is coming. Bring protection.
Mercy is for the Weak

For 2,000 years the Vatican has recorded evidence of evil. May God have mercy on their souls.

Love Him, Hate Him, You Don't Know Him

No soul is safe.
The Film that THE MAN doesn't want you to see!
It's going to be a ruff day.
His Battle To Save The Alaskan Wilderness And Protect Its People Can Only Be Won...
No pulse? No problem
Once You Believe You Die
Evil finds its way home
A comic tale of horror and seduction.
It's four years later... what does she remember?
Evil has an upgrade.
You have the right to remain silent... permanently.
He's found her.
They Know Each Other By Heart.
Change is coming.
Every Man Has a Destiny
Get ready to rock!
Smaller heroes. Just as super.
Some People Get Into Trouble No Matter What They WEAR.
Revenge gets ugly.

It will take two immortals to defeat the ultimate evil. But in the end, there can be only one.
The biggest cast ever assembled for the most outrageous comedy ever made.
The Devil Always Gets His Due
The summer is going to be in tents.
The second coming
If It Yells, If It Swings, It's Got To Be Monkeybone!
His Karma is Huge
Best Friends Make The Best Mistakes
Heroes don't come any bigger.
Way shadier than gray.
Strength. Courage. Honor. And loyalty.
CATch her in IMAX


Prepare to become obsolete
He's back to lay down the law.
Some sagas just won't die.

Evil has finally found a home.
As the stakes get higher, the ride gets even faster.
His twin sister is coming for the holidays... ...and it ain't pretty.
The evolution of dumb...
Laugh like you're country depends on it.
Nuclear Power. In the best hands, it is dangerous. In the hands of Lex Luthor, it is pure evil. This is Superman's greatest battle. And it is for all of us.
Undercover and Out The Way!
A Moment She Couldn't Resist. An Obsession He Can't Control.
A battle of the sexes, winner takes all.
It's not the hills.

This Ain't No Game.
Who is John Galt?
The world was created in six days, so too shall it be destroyed and on the seventh day mankind will rest... in peace
Meet a modern nuclear family unlike any other.
The Bigger the Hit, The Harder They Fall
The End Begins
The untold story of the man behind the mask, and the legend behind the man.
Life doesn't play by the rules.
Revenge never tasted so sweet.
This time, it’s personal.
In music she found her dream, her love, herself.
Uptown Gets Down.
Think innocent. Think helpless. Think again. Naps are history.
She's too good to be true...and too real to be otherwise.
We know it's big. We measured.
Take Back The Planet
Your favorite movies are going to be destroyed.
The tale of two American Idols.


When good food... goes bad!

Sometimes When You're Going Home, It's Important To Know Where You've Come From...
